feat: add blog post for enhanded request tracking in web api v1.3 (#133)
arcus-azure/arcus: community/blog/2021-05 Enhanced request tracking in Arcus.WebApi v1.3/README.md

# Enhanced request tracking in Arcus.WebApi v1.3

> The new version v1.3 of the [Arcus Web API](https://github.com/arcus-azure/arcus.webapi) project is all about request tracking. Previous versions introduced the request tracking concept as a way to track the incoming HTTP request and outgoing HTTP response with additional configurations on what should be included in the tracking information. This includes the request/response body, headers, the time it took to process the request...

Reviewer: Maybe reduce a bit since the focus is on the newer version?
```suggestion
[Arcus Web API](https://github.com/arcus-azure/arcus.webapi) v1.3 is all about request tracking. Previous versions introduced the request tracking concept as a way to track the incoming HTTP request and outgoing HTTP response with a limited set of knobs to tweak such as to request/response body, headers, the time it took to process the request...
```

This new version takes this to a whole new level so that your next project can benefit from a production-ready request tracking functionality!

## Omit entire routes from the request tracking

Initially, the request tracking was tracking all routes. This was a good first basic approach but when more realistic scenario's comes into play, this is rather cumbersome.

> For example: health endpoints to track the health of your web API could add noise to the tracking. Especially when their called often, and the result is almost always success.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

For example, health endpoints to track the health of your web API add noise to your telemetry pipeline without a lot of added value. Especially when they are called often, and the result is almost always a success.
```

> We created an `[ExcludeRequestTracking]` attribute that you can place upon routes (both on class and method level). This attribute will exclude the entire request tracking functionality from that specific route:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can now annotate API controllers and routes with our new `ExcludeRequestTracking` attribute which will ensure that the entire request tracking functionality will be excluded:
```

```csharp
using Arcus.WebApi.Logging;
using Microsoft.AspNetCore.Mvc;

[ApiController]
[Route("/api/v1/health")]
public class HealthController : ControllerBase
{
    [HttpGet]
    [ExcludeRequestTracking]
    public IActionResult Get()
    {
        // Determine health status...
        return Ok();
    }
}
```

> When such a health endpoint is generated (like [Dapr](https://docs.dapr.io/developing-applications/building-blocks/observability/sidecar-health/)) and you have no control over where the this endpoint is hosted, you can't really add this attribute. For those scenarios we added an additional option to the configurable request tracking options:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When endpoints are exposed by one of your dependencies, such as [Dapr](https://docs.dapr.io/developing-applications/building-blocks/observability/sidecar-health/), you have no control over where the endpoint is hosted nor can you extend it.

For those scenarios we added an additional option to the configurable request tracking options:
```

```csharp
using Microsoft.AspNetCore.Builder;
using Microsoft.AspNetCore.Hosting;

public class Startup
{
    public void Configure(IApplicationBuilder app, IWebHostEnvironment env)
    {
        app.UseRequestTracking(options => options.OmitRoutes.Add("/api/v1/health"));
    }
}
```

## Only track certain HTTP status codes

> As a continuation of the previous health endpoints example. It would be even better if we only could see health failures and disregard all success statuses. That would be both make the tracking more cleaner and help with defect detection when something's wrong.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As a continuation of the previous health endpoints example. It would be even better if we can only measure health failures and ignore all success statuses. That would be both make the tracking more cost-efficient, actionable and help with troubleshooting.
```

> We created an `[RequestTracking]` attribute to pass along either a fixed HTTP status code or a range of HTTP status status codes.
> These status codes will act as an **allow list**. The request tracking will only happen when the HTTP response's status code is within the configured status code range.

Reviewer: What do you think of this?
```suggestion
You can now define an **allow list** of HTTP status status codes to track for a given endpoint by using the `RequestTracking` attribute.

The request tracking will only happen when the HTTP response's status code is within the configured status code range.
```

Author: Great!

```csharp
using Arcus.WebApi.Logging;
using Microsoft.AspNetCore.Mvc;

[ApiController]
[Route("/api/v1/health")]
public class HealthController : ControllerBase
{
    [HttpGet]
    [RequestTracking(500, 599)]
    public IActionResult Get()
    {
        // Determine health status...
        return Ok();
    }
}
```

These HTTP status code ranges can also be specified in the global request tracking options. The request tracking will then only happen when **every** HTTP response's status code is within this specified range.

```csharp
using Microsoft.AspNetCore.Builder;
using Microsoft.AspNetCore.Hosting;

public class Startup
{
    public void Configure(IApplicationBuilder app, IWebHostEnvironment env)
    {
        app.UseRequestTracking(options => options.TrackedStatusCodeRanges.Add(new StatusCodeRange(500, 599));
    }
}
```

> Note that the `[RequestTracking]` attribute can be combined with the `TrackedStatusCodeRanges` option. The request tracking will then happen when the HTTP response's status is within both status code ranges.

## Finer grained request/response body exclusion

> Tracking the HTTP request and/or response body can be quite expensive. Sometimes the request is worth tracking but the bodies are just to great to be included in the telemetry. We already provided in previous versions an request tracking option to opt-in for the inclusion of the HTTP request/response bodies, but this option acted on a global level. A finer control was required.

Reviewer: What do you think?
```suggestion
Up until now, users had the choice of using request and/or response body tracking to gain more insights. However, this was only configurable for all operations which can become pretty expensive since that might be too much or does not give any added value.

Because of that, we are allowing you to choose where you want to track what!
```

Author: Yeah, is ok. Thanks!

> We created an `[RequestTracking]` where you can pass an exclusion filter. This filter will determine whether or not the HTTP request/response should be excluded for that specific route.
> The following example shows how an HTTP request body can be excluded from the request tracking, in combination when the `IncludeRequestBody` option is set:

Reviewer: What about this?
```suggestion
By using `RequestTracking` attribute you can now also specify what should be excluded from the request tracking, for example, the request and/or response body for a given route.

The following example shows how an HTTP request body can be excluded from the request tracking, in combination when the `IncludeRequestBody` option is set:
```
